My sister was not a Northern spy.
She was not a Northern spy!
Damn it.
You know that.
Our deal is based on give-and-take.
I need to be sure
you'll get my daughter out first
for me to send you
300 million dollars in three days.
Thanks to your agent who got in the way,
our agents died
and things got more complicated.
If you think about it,
it's all come to this
because you couldn't keep
your man under control.
If you don't send
300 million in three days,
your daughter will be killed first.
Ms. Choi.
Ms. Choi!
DIRECTOR EUN CHANG-SU
What about Kwon?
You still can't reach him?
Since he went out for lunch,
we haven't been able to reach him.
How am I supposed to reach him then?
I'm sorry, sir.
If it's urgent, I'll have
an expenditure secretary go and--
It's not the kind of money
a mere expenditure--
Search all over the city if you have to.
Find him as soon as possible!
Yes, sir.
Kim.
Are you sure?
Pick it up.
The President wants to talk to you.
Me? Why--
Just pick it up, you bastard.
This is Chief An Gyeong-hui
of Anti-communist Investigations speaking.
I heard you once cleaned up
after my son Jun-pyo. Is that true?
The election is just around the corner,
so I couldn't let the opposition party
have anything to attack you with.
Besides, serving and protecting you,
the hero who saved our country,
is the most important job
of the ANSP, sir.
What are you talking about?
ANSP agents should strive
to ensure national security
and protect our people.
To encourage you
to be more faithful to your duties,
I'll appoint you
as the new chief of the Office
of Planning and Coordination.
Pardon, sir? Really, sir?
I appreciate it, sir!
I swear to serve you loyally
until I die, sir!
And continue to be in charge of the case.
My wife said
your briefing seemed reliable.
I'm honored, sir.
I swear on my life
I'll do my best to make sure
this case ends well for you, sir.
Yes, sir.
Hey. Let me talk to him.
Give it.
Sir, this is Tae-il.
No, you're too kind, sir.
Don't worry about me, sir.
What was that about?
What did he say
that you even swore on your life?
Well, it was just… He just appointed me
as the new chief of the Office
of Planning and Coordination.
Wow!
Chief of the OPC?
Then you're number two in the ANSP.
Stop that.
Congratulations, sir.
My gosh.